eLWA
====
This directory contains a collection of utilities for correlating LWA data with 
the VLA 4-band system.

createConfigFile.py
-------------------
Given a collection of LWA and VLA data files or a directory containing LWA/VLA 
data files, create a configuration file for superCorrelator.py.  The configuration 
file is written to standard out and contains:
 * the phase center, 
 * the file names with full path information,
 * the file types, 
 * the antenna locations in a LWA-centric reference frame, and
 * the polarizations

plotConfig.py
-------------
Simple script to plot up where all of the antennas are located in a configuration 
file.

superCorrelator.py
------------------
Given a configuration file, correlate LWA and/or VLA according to that configuration.  
There are various command line options to control the FFT window size and the 
correlator dump time.  The output of superCorrelator.py is a collection of .npz files,
one for integration, that contain the visibility data.

superPulsarCorrelator.py
------------------------
Similar to superCorrelator.py but implements pular binning using a .polyco file.

plotUVCoverage.py
-----------------
Script that takes in a collection of .npz files generated by superCorrelator.py and
makes a plot of the uv coverage.

plotFringes2.py
---------------
Script to generate plots of visibility amplitude and phase as a function of time and 
frequency.

plotSniffer.py
--------------
Script to generated a VLBA sniffer-style plot for all baselines to a specified antenna.

fringeSearch.py
---------------
Given a collection of .npz files generated by superCorrelator.py, perform a course 
fringe search to determine the antenna clock offsets.  Prints out the peak delay and 
fringe rate determined by the search for each baseline examined.

buildIDI.py
-----------
Given a collection of .npz files generated by superCorrelator.py, convert the .npz
files into one or more FITS IDI files for loading into AIPS.

buildMultiBandIDI.py
--------------------
Similar to buildIDI.py but useful for LWA-only observations so that both tunings can
be packed into a single set of files using.  Each tuning is created as a seperate IF.

vdifCheckTimetags.py
--------------------
Simple script to check the flow of time in a VDIF file.  This can be useful for checking
for missing frames/polarizations.

vdifFileCheck.py
----------------
Simple script to check the power levels in a VDIF file.

vdifSpectra.py
--------------
Simple script to generate spectra for each thread in a VDIF file.

vdifWaterfall.py
----------------
hdfWaterfall.py-style script to take in a VDIF file and build a HDF5 files containing
dynamic spectra.  This file can be viewed/interacted with using the plotHDF.py utility
in the LSL Commissioning extension.